feat: Add customization for Windows guest OS (#178)
hashicorp/packer-plugin-vsphere: docs-partials/builder/vsphere/clone/WindowsOptions-not-required.mdx

<!-- Code generated from the comments of the WindowsOptions struct in builder/vsphere/clone/step_customize.go; DO NOT EDIT MANUALLY -->

- `run_once_command_list` (\*[]string) - CustomizationGuiRunOnce
  A list of commands to run at first user logon, after guest customization.

- `auto_logon` (\*bool) - CustomizationGuiUnattended
  Specifies whether or not the VM automatically logs on as Administrator.

> - `auto_logon_count` (\*int32) - Specifies how many times the VM should auto-logon the Administrator account when auto_logon is true. Default 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `auto_logon_count` (\*int32) - Specifies how many times the Windows guest operating system should auto-logon the Administrator account when auto_logon is true. Default 1
```

> - `admin_password` (\*string) - The new administrator password for this virtual machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `admin_password` (\*string) - The new administrator password for the Windows guest operating system.
```

> - `time_zone` (\*int32) - The new time zone for the virtual machine. This is a sysprep-dictated timezone code. Default 85 (GMT)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `time_zone` (\*int32) - The new time zone for the Windows guest operating system. This is a Windows Sysprep timezone code. Default 85 (GMT)
```

- `workgroup` (string) - CustomizationIdentification

>   The workgroup for this virtual machine - AD Join is not supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The workgroup for the Windows guest operating system.  Joining an Active Directory domain is not supported.
```

- `computer_name` (string) - CustomizationUserData

>   The host name for this virtual machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The host name for the Windows guest operating system.
```

> - `full_name` (string) - The full name of the user of this virtual machine. Default: "Administrator"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `full_name` (string) - The full name of the user of the Windows guest operating system. Default: "Administrator"
```

- `organization_name` (string) - The organization name this virtual machine is being installed for. Default: "Managed by Packer"

> - `product_key` (string) - The product key for this virtual machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `product_key` (string) - The product key for the Windows guest operating system.
```

<!-- Code generated from the comments of the WindowsOptions struct in builder/vsphere/clone/step_customize.go; DO NOT EDIT MANUALLY -->

- `run_once_command_list` (\*[]string) - CustomizationGuiRunOnce
  A list of commands to run at first user logon, after guest customization.

- `auto_logon` (\*bool) - CustomizationGuiUnattended
  Specifies whether or not the VM automatically logs on as Administrator.

- `auto_logon_count` (\*int32) - Specifies how many times the VM should auto-logon the Administrator account when auto_logon is true. Default 1

- `admin_password` (\*string) - The new administrator password for this virtual machine.

- `time_zone` (\*int32) - The new time zone for the virtual machine. This is a sysprep-dictated timezone code. Default 85 (GMT)

- `domain_admin_user` (string) - CustomizationIdentification
  The user account of the domain administrator used to join this virtual machine to the domain.

- `domain_admin_password` (string) - The password of the domain administrator used to join this virtual machine to the domain.

> - `join_domain` (string) - The domain that the virtual machine should join.

Reviewer: I don't think it makes good sense to include the ability to join the machine image to a domain per comments in #34.

**Ryan Johnson**
Staff II Solutions Architect | VMware, Inc.
